BLACK BOX

The universe.
It makes up everything, it is everything.
It is immensely complex, yet organized so simply.
Throughout all of it runs a common thread of existence, a simple pattern describing an immensely (infinitely?) complex data set.
Some may be familiar with it: it is the BLACK BOX.

What is a black box?
I'm glad you asked.
A black box is created by grouping a set of things together, and giving a name to the set.
The contents of the box no longer matter, just the name, and the name's purpose.
Example given:
	atoms.
	What, to a biologist is an atom?
	It's a fundamental object, cannot be divided further: it is atomic (hence the name), it interacts with other atoms in a given way, it makes up other, larger, things.
	What, to a chemist is an atom?
	Here's where things get interesting: to a chemist, an atom is NOT a fundamental object, not atomic (picture that, an atom, not atomic!).
	An atom is made up of protons, electrons, and probably neutrons (lookin' at you, hydrogen).
	An atom is a BLACK BOX: a name given to a collection of other things; it has a behaviour, and, as long as the how and why of what it does are ignored, it's innards aren't needed.
	What's in the box doesn't matter; all that is needed is the BLACK BOX itself.

The second epiphany comes readily from the application of the previous one to itself: each BLACK BOX is nothing but a collection of more BLACK BOXES.
Picture your own body, for a sec:
	a body,
	made of organs,
	made of tissues,
	made of cells,
	made of molecules (switch to chemistry),
	made of atoms,
	made of particles (switch to physics),
	made of... what?
	We'll get to that.
Try that again, but go outwards:
	a body,
	in a building (maybe?),
	in a city,
	in a province, state, whatever,
	in a country,
	in a continent,
	on earth,
	in our solar system,
	in the Milky Way,
	in... what?
Remember the thing we were going to get to?  This is it.

The trouble with this BLACK BOX organization of the universe is that there's no end to it!
Getting more and more nested, there's got to be some kind of end, it can't go on forever!
Atoms used to be thought of as the 'end' of this nesting, indivisible, the fundamental objects of the universe.
Wait, that's not right!
Atoms are made out of protons, neutrons, and electrons!
Wait, that's not right either!
Each of those is made up of some other BLACK BOX, and those of more!
We keep thinking we've hit the end, then extending it when we find we haven't.
Going the other way, our tree of BLACK BOXES seems to have a common 'trunk': the whole observable universe!
Which is getting bigger at the speed of light in all directions.
Hmmm...
There's also the matter of the unobservable universe.
Are we a bubble of space(-time?), hidden in the depths of a multiverse?
Is the multiverse nested in anything else?
Both extremes lead directly to philosophy.
Let's follow.

Everything nests into a hierarchy, fits in somewhere.
Everything we inhabit is made of endless groups of BLACK BOXES, defined in terms of what, themselves?
Here's where everything leads: nowhere, nothing, VOID.
The BLACK BOXES are made of nothing.
Nothing is, rather cryptically, not nothing (Remember the non-atomic atoms?  Maybe there's a pattern!).
Nothing still embodies the laws of physics, a set of rules that describe how the universe 'runs' (yet they don't run it!).
Everything is created out of BLACK BOXES and VOID.
Nothing that's still something, bunched up into groups, those groups into groups, bunched, grouped, into everything there is.
Not null and void, but BOX and VOID.
The universe.
BLACK BOXES and VOID.